3v8

doing a new one because i'm debating about how to draw this stuff on the canvas, and that's going
to effect how I write the code. 

note to self about the decision about how to draw (and subsequently implement) the code.  

x is ALWAYS supposed be relative to the MyCanvas canvas no matter what. the one and only
difference should be that sometimes you're going to be drawing it on another canvas. In
that case, you will have 2 other sets of variables called something like draw_at_x and draw_at_y,
which outside of being set, will never be modified, and will only ever be used in a special
draw_ssi method that takes in the canvas that the object in question should be drawn on. 

I'm not entirely sure why the current code is working as well as it is. 

but the idea is to go, set the stuff_box (and Gen_Obj class) so that they CAN (but
not necessarily will)n use the draw_at_x and draw_at_y variables...and, yeah. 

set them both to be using draw_at_x and draw_at_y. both should just hold the variables 
and be used in the special draw method. 

that being said, the actual x and y values should be relative to the MyCavas canvas. 

make sure both of those things are going. properly. draw via draw_at_x and draw_at_y, but
keep actual x and y working relative to MyCanvas. 

once that stuff is drawing properly, then we can really go in and start debugging stuff. 

and, hey, note! detection of percentages appears to be working correctly, and the item 
is diappearing (as it should be). 

need to look into drawing...but yeah!!! this is ever so slowly coming together! :-) 


soo...HEH! 

rule 3 and 4 are basically working. 

have a bug with the gen_object. it's paremeter doesn't change to black when it's inside
a stuff_box. 

need to do: 

make box for gun/health pack, etc. 

make a box for armor. 

also, close ("X") button to close the menu. 

idea: 

full screen video game. 

if you want, you can have basically everything closed. 

there will be a small icon in, say, either the upper right or lower right hand side
of the screen. ss

clicking that opens your characters bar, and all the tabs for all the various character

fundamentally needed to get rule 2 working: 

a person instance walking around. and a menu instance associated with that person. 

an additional item. 

additional item means having the array for additional items up and running. 


(sighs) so to get rul 2 working, I need:

person properly associated with the menu instance. 

the array for dealing with multiple objects (may or may not be a pain)

also, want the item to go back to being around the character even if it's
just floating on the menu canvas itself. 

also, items put into the array should be put in the end if they were just
being dragged around, because they should be place down ontop of the other
items that it is now being placed upon. 


to do tomorrow: 

get the dragging around working. (just need to update x and y methinks)

maybe build the squares for armor and the like. 

note: maybe the armor and gun box classes should be exactly the same. just
in the creation, they get set to the types that they can hold. 

when you try and put an object into it, the object has a type associated with it. 

the box checks the type 

if the type is not okay, the item gets dropped next to the character with whom
the menu is being associated with.  

